how to book a meeting with
[Music]
anyone welcome back to a fresh episode
of Breaking
bb.com I'm your host Sam Dunning and if
you want to join thousands of Legends
enjoying my daily newsletter checking
out past podcast episodes or it's want
to apply to work with us head over to
breaking e2b . so today Dale depri
returns to the show after four years
we're going to be diving into how you
can book a meeting with anyone if it's
really possible the problems with most
B2B Outreach today we're going to be
sharing some top tips when it comes to
setting those meetings and some unusual
ideas that you might not be that
familiar with so that without further
Ado Dell welcome back to the show sir
how are we yo I'm doing good it's like a
little any reunion for me and you it's
been a hard minute Yeah man so when we
were just saying before we hit record
you just started the sales Rebellion
four years ago when you were first on
the show as did we just start this
podcast so it's yeah nice to have you
back man good to good to be chatting and
excited to dive in so first and foremost
is it actually possible I mean I've only
got to look at some of your LinkedIn
posts and you and your crew are setting
meetings with all kinds of exacts all
kinds of different B2B businesses be
them small or huge
is it actually possible to sit a meeting
with anyone you want
yeah absolutely why
not yeah I I like that's that's bold
talk so we're going to dig into that so
before we do before we share some of
your secrets some of your lesser known
unusual new ideas to break through
because I know you've got a lot of
opinions when it comes to setting
meetings what do you believe are the
problems or main problem when it comes
to B2B Outreach traditional methods of
getting appointments and meetings
today it's a loaded question right like
I I here here's how I would break it
down I think that what we call inside of
the Rebellion as the sense what we I
should say what we uh Spotlight as the
sins of the fathers of sales leaders
before us we I think the problem is is
that we perpetuate those those things
that a lot of the the particular ways
that we treat a prospect a lot of the
ways that we we treat ourselves as sales
reps a lot of the ways that we we treat
our process as a sales rep comes from
this place of ultimately trying to get
something for us and when I say us I
mean the
leaders that beat it into our head that
we had to be doing these things in the
first place for them so really it's like
an extension of us ultimately and it's
for somebody else entirely so it it's
weird right because
people will will label a sales rep as
selfish but really the selfishness stems
from pressure and somebody telling them
to do things that again really only help
the leader or the organization don't
help the sales rep it will the sales rep
make a lot of money for selling a lot of
stuff you know based on lies or
manipulation or any of these little
tricks or playbooks that the leader has
given the rep and by the way I want to
cave on that with I know that not every
leader teaches this stuff okay it's just
the majority of salespeople that's the
facts will they make a lot of money by
doing these things yeah dude and will
that like change their life for sure for
the next couple years but but it won't
sustain a lifestyle it w it will create
a very poor reputation and ultimately
you'll just become a transactional sales
rep so like what's there to remember
about you or that you sold me this
widget or this service right other than
that you're
nothing can you give us an example of
what you mean so you're talking about
leadership basically pushing sales reps
or marketers to to book meetings no
matter the cost yeah give us an example
of what that might look like yeah so
people have this uh this narrative
around business is that all that matters
is revenue to run your organization
right and and while that is the truth we
we to me that's a copout to just say
like well businesses is is based on
Revenue well like you don't have Revenue
without a buyer and a buyer is a person
you don't have Revenue without a
Salesman or woman and a Salesman or
woman is a person so everything really
ultimately revolves back around us so
like your idea came from a human and it
if it helps a market a segment of of
society it's ultimately still helping
people but we base everything on Revenue
that's it and and then we base that
Revenue number on the comfort that we
desire as the people at the top now I'm
not somebody that's sitting here
speaking from the bottom either I have I
have I have made the money y'all I've
done awesome things I've owned the
million dooll home I've I've lived the
life and the thing is is that it's a lie
everything that money promises You Is A
Lie unless ultimately you're okay with
yourself and ultimately you are true to
principles and ultimately you are
pursuing a narrative that builds a
legacy otherwise you're just going to
find yourself in a at a dead end Street
all alone with a ton of money and it
might sound cool to some people but
again from somebody that's come from
that side of things there's not much
there it's a very lonely place so you
know we're perpetuating again this idea
of like well I have all this money and I
want to keep it and I don't want to do
the work anymore so I'm gonna tell this
sales rep to hit this number do these
metrics tell the prospect whatever they
need to hear in order to close the sale
and that's a perpetuated cycle of the
past so is the reason that so much
Outreach is spammy whether it's cold
emails terrible Cod calls LinkedIn
messages whatever is that all
leadership's fault or does any of it
come down to the marketing team or the
sales team when it comes to B2B
businesses yeah it's a great question I
think it's all of our fault because like
if I make if I say sure I'll send that
email then like that's my problem so if
I don't try to innovate that email if I
don't rebel against what's being told to
me and I clearly know that it's wrong
then that's my fault and look like
anybody out there that might be thinking
well like how does this rep know that
it's wrong if they don't really know it
from Adam well look like morality is is
a thing and ultimately the way we treat
people there's a standard so so if I as
an example if I look at this email if I
read this email I'm like okay I'm
supposed to send that and there's not
one bone in my body that goes well that
sucks then i' I've been raised to a bad
standard as a human to think that
somehow this you know completely
disconnected crap email about your
product your service and how important
it is that the prospect gives you time
on their own calendar to let you sell
them something that that somehow that is
good then we're very deceived as people
on this Earth again like I think in most
cases like you can literally just get a
gut check and be like would I open this
would I respond to this would I set
appointment with this probably not so
you know it falls on us as well too to
an extent as the sellers and I've been a
VP right so I've been on both sides but
know I I I think it is ultimately it's
about accountability and and ultimately
about it's about self-preservation like
do I want to just do what somebody else
is telling me because they said so or do
I want to build something sustainable
that lasts and that I can get behind
yeah yeah yeah get getting quite
philosophical philosophical I can't even
say the word here but but I like it so
Dell give us an example for anyone
that's because we we're going to have
seasoned marketers season sellers tuning
in as well as perhaps folks that are new
to the game give us an example of what
is terrible Outreach you you touched on
a bit there with mentioning your product
and your service and nothing more
whether it is perhaps you want to give
us an example of what a terrible C cool
might sound like or what a terrible
email might roughly sound like just just
so folks know what isn't working today
right I do want to I want to just kind
of put this in everybody's head as well
too that I don't believe that that the
effort of sales Outreach uh to any
capacity is ultimately terrible I'd say
bad or or
not the right effort but ter but I can't
say terrible for one reason it's really
hard to do sales so making the
commitment to get into sales making the
commitment to craft an email message to
pick up the phone and dial somebody to
knock on a door and introduce yourself
to a stranger man that takes a lot of
guts It ultimately does the most
extroverted person you know would agree
to that statement right that like yeah
there's definitely like a place that I
could I could find myself in where I I
don't want to do that or that it's
really a difficult thing even for the
the people person that finds it to be
the easiest so terrible I just can't use
that word but bad if somebody picking up
the phone and calling me and and using
all the just weird tricks right saying
things like um oh hey Dale it's it's
Mark over at ABC
company I have no idea who Mark is or
what ABC company is like uh hey do I
know you it's kind of the first thing
that goes through my head you know I I
hate it when people say things like hey
I'm uh I'm gonna use a company name here
this is probably a sin but I don't care
because this is one of their tactics hey
I'm soand so with zoom info actually
called you about nine months ago and you
told me to call you back around this
time that's a real line that I've been
fed many times and buus have been fed
many times by groups like that you know
does it stem from them I don't know but
ultimately there's a trainer out there
teaching this kind of stuff right so
same with emails emails to me like you
know I got a thousand of them in my
inbox from this week just let probably
more than that at this point it's 10:15
in the morning I haven't checked in a
couple hours right so that's between
between my spam folder my inbox right
which's crazy that there's probably 60%
of that is Spam so I still got you know
solid 400 emails this week and and you
know I'm a Founder right so people are
emailing
uh I've opened from people that I don't
know maybe two total and and one of them
was because it felt very deceiving and I
was like oh come
on after I got into it and the second
one was because I thought it was
somebody else right but you know one of
the things that I do too just to like
put it out there I know this is gonna
sound crazy but I try to get through all
400 of the emails and just simply
respond like in a in a very polite way
like hey your email sucked but uh keep
pressing on maybe change some things in
it um here's a free resource for you
like I try to get back to every email
but that's me dude think about the no
there's nobody doing that so like here
are 400 emails that go completely unread
because they just they focus too much on
a product too much on a service it's
it's too noisy in an inbox these days so
it's hard to even tell you what a bad
email is because I'm not even opening
them anymore if I'm the CEO or the CFO I
get too many go it no I appreciate you
sharing some examples so it sounds like
it's using cheap tactics
and being selfish as well in the
Outreach so also focusing on how great
you are how great your offer is how cool
your your company is and maybe making up
stuff that you spoke nine months 10
months ago whatever so that's what we
want to avoid so let's start sharing
with the audience some good stuff Dale I
know you're full of it I've only got a
you've got to follow D on LinkedIn he's
always sharing unusual ways to reach out
which we're going to dive into now so
we've talked about the problems but
let's break it down I want to go through
your strategy Dell from almost initial
research and conception right through to
delivery and execution and Landing that
meeting so you've done all sorts cold
cold mail physical mail all kinds of
different stuff what is when it comes to
setting up a campaign what is like Step
Zero before you even get to Step One
what is the first thing that you do when
you're looking when you've perhaps laid
out a set of dream accounts that you'd
love to break into and love to do
business with what is the first thing
that you folks lay down great question
good caveat from your last question
right because the where we start is we
start in the stereotypes so we start
with like what is bad currently um and
when we say bad there's a couple things
the first place that we start is in the
the conceptualization of just getting
attention so how are people trying to
get attention right now of this person
most likely whether it's people in the
office that they know whether it's a
stranger trying to sell them something
we we look at all aspects of a attention
essentially now what's interesting about
this methodology is that I don't know
that there's a lot of people that do it
and no one ever taught me this it's just
something I created on my own years
decade plus ago with my uh company that
I was with as an individual contributor
and I've taught to people all over the
world ever since I'm sure it's not an
original idea though I just want to get
like take that off the plate too like
I'm not that right yeah but but the idea
is like what are the stressors right and
ultimately like why would somebody not
pay attention to me by the negatives
right and talking about the things that
people don't want to deal with on a
daily basis and and obviously when it
comes to like a cold call or cold
Outreach when I when I am
analyzing what bothers this person or
what is too generic to this person or
what ultimately doesn't speak to this
person around the narrative that they
desire then it helps me to understand
like why would I do it that way why
would I try it through that medium and
now the other side of this is that I
don't want anybody to hear that we don't
believe in like picking the phone up
just because people don't pick up the
phone because you if you pick it up
enough and you dial enough I promise you
the person will absolutely pick up the
phone we we use the phone as more of a
follow-up methodology and this and again
like I'll get to that here in a second
but this is when we start at this base
concept we don't think phone email
Direct Mail we don't think like that we
think like what does this person not
want to to hear about and and second
like what are the negatives right and
secondly like what does it look like in
their inbox currently what does it sound
like when a salesperson calls them right
now what is the kind of typical
interaction that they have so that we
can stand out from that and is that that
understanding what they wouldn't pay
attention to is that what we've just
outlined previously or is there usually
a bunch of other stuff that you
typically see to yeah it's that's why I
was saying like great question because
we've kind of gone over some of this
stuff but I so here think like this the
majority of salespeople out there are
picking up the phone and saying hey can
I have 27 seconds to tell you why I
called okay okay so if I get 90 calls a
month that I hear that to some extent
right because it could you could also be
hearing on the other line the person
saying hey is this Dale this is Ben over
XYZ company you can hear the person
saying hey Dale did you have a minute
for me I'm a stranger did you have a
minute for me real quick like there's
there's a lot of different ways that
you'll hear Hey can I have some of your
time to tell you why I'm pitching what
I'm pitching today is the thought
process so what you deduce in all that
is that people don't like to be sold to
they prefer to buy people don't want to
not sit around waiting for your pitch
like oh gosh a salesperson oh thank God
let me just take hold on important stuff
in my day let me just talk to this
salesperson real quick that sounds
glorious like it's not happening but to
be very very very uh uh transparent
about that with oursel and honest in a
blunt way right that again still it
doesn't mean that somebody's not going
to talk to you it's just this
conceptualization of like what's
negative to them like what do they look
at as unfavorable or something that they
want nothing to do with so if I again if
I start in that place it might feel like
well how the hell do I call somebody at
all is kind of may be what's coming to
some people's minds that are listening
to this but that's the point if you take
yourself to a place that almost feels
like a dead end if you're a scrappy
person if you're a creative if you if
you have aspirations to grow and be
bigger and better and do it you know on
a scale that no one's ever done it
before then this is what challenges you
to develop and become what it is that
ultimately the sales Rebellion believes
you can be go so making essentially a
list of why these dream prosp prospects
our Target accounts wouldn't pay any
attention to us that's the first step
got that together what's
next when I'm making that list some of
the things that will come to mind are
stereotypes typical stereotypes inside
the organization so if I sell a product
that is uh workflow related as an
example I can pick out negative things
in the workflow that they don't like so
with a copy machine always the easiest
because I sold copers for so long I can
come back to things that would be like
the biggest issue they deal with double
billing uh service frequent service
calls the toner's out there was no error
message on it now we're down they can't
get us a toner for several days these
are also things that people don't like
or that are negative and and ultimately
that they deal with during their daily
weekly monthly grind that ultimately we
can help but we're not thinking like
that right now what we're thinking about
again is what are the problems so now we
we understand it from the outside
looking in when it comes to like getting
attention and and even like talking to
somebody in the first place and then we
understand it like why that is
ultimately because when we look
internally and we see like what are the
problems that they're dealing with they
don't have time to talk to us because
they're putting out fires and they're
having to deal with all these issues on
top of everything else that they do in
their business so but the negative
stereotypes is where we had so we build
those negative stereotypes out and I'm
just going to give a quick example this
is what we call a coffee stained letter
it literally looks like um a
coaster so when it's nice and folded up
it's just a little coffee coaster for
you and we kind of tell the prospect out
in this but I'm going to just read like
before I really get into anything else I
just want you to to hear what what we
deduce is the
stereotypes when it comes to the
problems that people typically deal with
in sales so and then we bullet point
them for people to experience your net
new business has seen a sharper decline
than congress's approval rating that's
for all my American friends your reply
rate on prospecting activities has a
thing song quote The Sound of Silence
hitting Target every month is like
playing that horrible claw game at the
arcade the prize is Right within your
grasp but you're often left disappointed
your biggest points of differentiation
are the front and color of your logo
sorry font excuse me I I did that one
just for you DG
uh so the idea is is like we're trying
to create these familiar moments for
people around the stereo that's where
we're that's the outcome of the second
line of thought right and just to like
to get into it the first line of thought
real quick like all right so we think of
all these negative things that sales
people do like what the hell do we do
well this is a trash can so we just
talked about like how coold calls suck
right it's kind of what we deduced so
imagine that this shows up in the mail
at at your office and inside of it is a
piece of trash like literally a crumpled
up letter is what we call it you get
this thing what the hell is this and you
open it up and you read the first part
of it it says studies show that 99% of
all sales mumbo jumbo is crap so here we
go come on point3
per. I pre crumbl this go go ahead
please if you're listening in Dale was
just open what's like a blue mini
plastic trash can he's opened that up
taken off the lid and he's uncrumpled a
letter which is I believe what he's what
he's read out or something similar corre
yeah sorry for not narrating better I'll
I'll give that in mind so then the
prospect comes to this the statement
I've pre- crumpled this letter for you
to hang on your wall of Shame and and
make it easier for you to throw away um
and and then it asks you know for some
time basically to read the rest of the
letter and it creates those familiar
moments for people around the negative
stereotype so we interrupt the typical
patterns this way which is you know a
buzzword these days inside of the the
sales world but interrupting a typical
pattern by sending somebody a 4x6
postcard that says cold call bingo at
the top your prospect's going to read
that and when they read the little note
that comes with it that says hey if I
say any when I coold call you if I say
anything on this list and it gives you a
bingo you can hang up on me immediately
and and then here are some of the things
that are on here uh outside the box lwh
hanging
fruit not my first rodeo
uh quick wins Put The Feelers out anyway
you you get it it's it's a it's just a
really fun way to interact with people
and give them a better experience
because ultimately what we're deducing
here is that whether it's it's it's the
cold call itself the cold email itself
the Outreach in particular whether it's
the negative stereotypes inside of their
organization that they deal with with
the product or service with their workf
flows all of it creates a bad experience
and so we believe in this ultimate
identity of
experiential Outreach so if I if I give
something somebody something to touch
and hold if they get a trash can that
they put in their hands with a lid they
have to pop off with a piece of garbage
inside of it that they feel and they're
like this is trash clearly that then
ignites the senses it creates an
experience touch feel smell the emotions
turn on as well too we're not just
dealing with the B2 be quote unquote
buyer anymore now what's happening is we
are we are connecting with somebody with
the person on the other side so earlier
I went on a tangent about revenue and
how people don't matter yes they do and
the most important thing about that
perspective that we have to remember is
that without people you sell nothing
without people no one buys your stuff so
the more that we can create something
that is a little uh risque a if you will
to an extent or just a little risky even
to an extent because not in the box of
business the more we can we can lean
into that risk and lean into that
discomfort the more we'll speak to the
human on the other side who from eight
to five does the same monotonous [__]
over and over again every single day
instead of having to to live in the
monotony they get a they get a break and
you provided it even if they don't laugh
like even if they're like well that was
kind of corny they will literally know
who you are from that moment forward
because you'll be the first person that
ever gave them a good experience like it
nice let's break that down so Dell in
short we're basically saying you're a
marketer because you're doing so many
strategies that marketers would use but
in a sales Outreach format so you what
you mentioned earlier was when it came
to so for your example you've you've got
history in copy of sales which is great
from a B2B perspective High ticket item
I imagine quite a long sales cycle quite
a long probably multiple people involved
in the decision so it's a great example
and you said you started with their
frustrations their daily problems their
daily issues what is pissing them off on
a daily basis how can we leverage that
to our advantage and then you layered
that basically with humor and then
poking fun with what sales folks do to
them at the moment so if we start with
the first part of that kind of their
daily frustrations their daily issues
their daily kind of problems how did you
work those out to then leverage in that
Outreach or how can people let work
those out good question and and the
thing that I would have I would
challenge people to think differently
about is this idea of using those those
things as leverage for ourself so here's
how here is how I worked it out for me
is I sat around and I thought what are
some things in my life I want to change
and I just got extremely deep in
personal with the first time I ever did
this exercise what are habits that I
don't like what are inconsistencies that
I have and then what I realized is that
if someone came to me and showed me that
I could fix those things for myself not
for them in the glory of their product
or their service or what they could do
for me but for myself that if they could
literally tap into a place in me that
came to a realization for me that I said
I can be different I can change that
I'll buy into that I don't need you to
sell me anything I'll sell myself right
so we believe that everybody is in sales
inside of the sales Rebellion we believe
that a broker sells a network that a
teacher sells knowledge that a a janitor
sells a clean environment and we believe
that a buyer sells themsel and so the
more that you can think around
everything that we've just laid out in
this mindset of becoming a servant
leader to others and ultimately letting
them be the culprit not you like them
literally being the reason that this is
going to happen in the first place when
it comes to the transaction and the
change that will take place in their
business you'll win every single time so
when I looked at The copier and I knew
everybody hated it never once made it
about how I could do better because I'm
just another Copier Guy why would you
suddenly just randomly trust me that
came out of nowhere that has this funny
marketing instead I have to build on The
credibility and Trust pieace in the
first place which means I have to make
it all about you so I don't have one on
me but we have these little bricks um
they're old school copier Warrior bricks
I would hand these to the people in the
office that use The copier didn't even
make the decisions on whether or not
they would buy a new one just used it
and I had this awesome little cartoon
that showed them how to use it on the
copy machine and the whole entire
concept of it was it doesn't fix
anything it's kind of silly even but
like you'll feel a lot better by taking
some frustration out and chucking this
foam brick at your copy machine and just
pretending in your mind that you're
destroying it in the process because
it's all about emotional context we
provide so imagine that 40 people in an
office then go to the decision maker and
go you know we already hate this copier
you know that we want nothing to do with
it this guy has given us this buy in for
ourselves that it can be better and we
believe it for us we believe it for our
environment you need to talk to him now
everything changes and and we're not
just evaluating Dale we're not just
evaluating my product and service what
we're evaluating is your change agent to
around The Narrative that you seek to to
tell the story you want to tell in the
future so in your case as a nice example
were you literally talking to these
prospects and asking them kind of what
are your day-to-day frustrations or were
they just sharing them with you when you
were doing your previous SS Outreach or
how did that come about yeah in the
beginning you have to kind of like you
have to figure it out for yourself so a
lot of it is
conversational but over the course of
time like business Acumen is something
that's so underrated inside of the
business this world so we like we ask
for a sales rep to have four years of
sales experience we don't even like
apply that to the identity of like
what's their business Acumen though what
do they know about business you know
beyond just that the fact that they're
able to get on the phone and make a call
call what do they know about business
this is something we don't talk about
enough I think business Acumen for most
people is one of the most uh powerful
tools that you have ultimately so I got
so good that I could look at a
manufacturing firm that made a plastic
part I could I could then say to myself
well what's the plastic part for and I
could see it's in this type of satellite
and this type of airplane and this type
of car and I could go Okay cool so they
make this plastic part in their office
for this particular prospect that
they're selling to what's the process
and I could break the whole process down
then I could go where does The copier
fit into that and then I but I could
also say to myself like well what are
lead times like like how long does it
take to make the plastic part and so if
I make the plastic in house does it take
an hour does it take 10,000 hours and
then it goes to a customer like what
what is the customer's expectation of
them and then how does my my paper flow
workflow how does it make or break that
process and then I could literally
figure out all these little details and
and in most cases I could come to a
meeting and I could say hey so I did
some research on your company I see you
do this this and this and so I'm curious
you have ever a problem with this in
particular when it comes to your
document workflow or your copiers your
printers your just your general
management around paper
uh that causes any hiccups with that
process and boom 90% of the time people
be like oh that's it like that's our
biggest issue so so it's it really is
just this identity of like do the math
guys and girls like just like figure
this thing out for yourself like no one
cares as much as you so if you can go in
and deeply think beyond your product
beyond your service but about the people
what they've built and ultimately how
you tie into it you'll win all day long
and you'll figure this stuff out for
yourself especially if you're willing to
look stupid as people say by saying
something like hey I'm gonna ask a
question right now that I don't even
know is uh like anywhere near the right
question to even ask you but it feels
good to me and it feels like it'll give
me direction so do you mind humoring me
for a minute and giving me an answer
like there's risk in that but there is
great reward because you'll you'll
develop your business acument Beyond any
kind of recognition always good to ask
the stupid questions always and like
that's why I'm running this show I'm
asking things that I want to learn and
hopefully the audience have enjoyed it
after four years or so we've been
running but something you laid down
there it's something I've talked about
all the time like so many it doesn't
matter if you're a marketer if you're a
Founder if you're in sales so many
people do not know the problems that
they're offering fixes they just don't
and I I'll ask them things like okay
your your your product does this it has
this many features it does all this but
what is the main issue why would someone
one day wake up and think this has
gotten to the Tipping Point I'm so
annoyed I'm so frustrated it's costing
me time it's costing me money it's
costing me resource what is that juicy
problem that someone's so frustrated
they decide that they're ready to have a
conversation with you in this case or
maybe they come inbound because they'
seen one of your ads they've looked you
up on Google search whatever if you
don't know that stuff as as a Celler or
as a marketer you're just miles behind
because not only can that inform your
Outreach like we're talking about now
because when you when you leverage
problems they resonate so much better
than features or benefits but it can
help across multi CH Channel ads
Outreach
content LinkedIn posts video podcast
whatever so if you don't know those
frustrations like Dell's laid out start
talking to your sales team if you're a
marketer or if you're a seller speak to
your peers perhaps you've got sales
leadership that can help you with those
or start start talking to your prospects
existing customers they're not going to
mind if you're open and say look can I
ask you a silly question I'd love to for
you to share me this can you help me
understand like like you say people are
going to help you if you ask for it cool
let's move forward the problems so you
started with a frustration in that in
that Outreach you then used some
humor and you kind of poked fun at what
other what other sales people typically
doing should we always go down that
approach D should we always try and
layer a bit of bit of fun a bit of humor
in the
process I I really I I lean deeply and
heavily into the concept of making
people feel good so so a lot of people
would label that as humor or jokes or
being silly it's it's just about making
people feel good the majority of people
prefer it and humor is a universal
language so I'm not talking about like
some kind of inside joke or quoting a
movie that maybe nobody has seen even
though in your mind you're like how the
hell have you not seeing that movie it's
about meeting people like in their
stereotype in their their typical
environment and having a little fun with
it in the process because that makes
them feel seen and it makes them feel
heard and it makes them feel good and
and again like I just said humor is a
universal language if we use it right it
it's literally just about this idea of
making they don't even have to laugh
they can just go that's funny and like
even saying that out loud triggers
something internally to make that person
feel good so we're not trying to become
Dave Chappelle here we're just we're
being we are being light enough and Airy
enough in those first moments to help
people to see that hey maybe I should
take some time to get into the dreaded
sales cycle that I that I'm not not
going to give to anybody calling me
asking me for 30 seconds and then
reading me generic pain points yeah yeah
yeah it's ultimately about being
different it sounds like gaining
attention not doing stereotypical stuff
and I know you said you didn't like the
word but pattern interrupt in the in the
physical mou sense sense seems
relevant um
so we've talked through the the process
Dell do we
does this do you think this process can
work physical
mail doing everything we've talked about
can it work for any industry like you've
shared with us a coffee stained letter a
letter that's screwed up in a little
mini plastic trash can is this something
no matter whether we're in tech software
selling to services or products or what
elsewhere is it something that's across
the board in B2B that we can see success
with yeah absolutely so I I held up a
coffee coaster earlier uh I showed you a
trash can with a crumpled letter inside
there's a letter that we have that is
shredded at the bottom when we call it
the pre-shredded letter there's a letter
specifically from your daughter or son
we call it the o to McKenna a picture of
what mommy or daddy does on the back
this looks like a bank robbery if you're
watching if you're not it's a very crude
uh drawing of what looks like a bank
robber by a a seven-year-old you know
young lady so wait like those letters
there seven total in the rebel letter
Cadence those letters are a universal
language they hey you really when it
comes to sales and marketing you really
don't like talking to salese and it's a
hassle it's frustrating it's not
something that you look forward to on a
daily basis but are you having any of
these C problems and people can get
behind that message a lot better than
what they perceive is happening because
they're experiencing it this is Disney
for sales we have students in the UK we
have students in Japan we have students
in Australia we have students all across
Asia we have them in the islands down in
South America of course this works in
America you got to know it we have
students in Canada is again the
experience is a universal
language culturally things are different
for every sector of the world to an
extent sure but no matter what when
people experience something that's just
a little bit different than what they're
used to and we and we layer that with
what we call accommodation Theory which
is a psychological theory um as a matter
of fact so it's backed by doctors and we
and we layer it with servant leadership
a level of servant leadership we take
the pitch away we make it a little bit
more fun and what we would call again is
inviting welcoming or making people feel
good right so instead of Leaning into
the surface of what these things are we
go a little bit deeper and by doing that
it's speaks to many people we got all
kinds of stuff we've got like this is a
resume like with a cover letter on it
and like a literal resume on the inside
so we have job Seekers use this as well
too right but we if you're selling to
benefits people to HR people this is a
literal uh tool before the call to
introduce them to you and to to have a
little fun and give them a really good
experience like when I sold copers as an
example this resume would tell you that
I was applying for the position of
selling you or of uh being your copier
provider or vendor so and it was
absolutely um I I'd say like nine out of
10 it worked we had these fun missing
posters for people that just like aren't
getting back to you or you know quote
unquote ghost and you they be using any
any any range of the sales cycle right
but like we tell people things like on
here it says like last seing in a zoom
meeting on Thursday July 14th or you
know not seeing in the zoom meeting at
all that I sent him a calendar invite
for that I didn't even ask him about you
know there's all kinds of fun ways to do
this we send people we put their
people's logos on wallets and we send
them their wallet packed with their ID
card so like they're like a literal like
person is in here we put pictures of
like their
dog that we find on the internet inside
of it we put pictures of like them
winning the Super Bowl with us uh you
know inside of it we put credit cards we
put money with their face on it like
this is all about getting in front of
people in a way that is a little cheeky
ultimately but also just different than
anybody else and the thing is is that
some people go like dude why do you show
all this stuff like why do you show a
book that you send to a prospect like
this is written by my Prospect the
doctor right and it's and we tell them
on the inside of here these pages are
blank right we tell people we say Hey
whenever you're ready to write this
story we got the pen to get started
right reach out to us is the thought
process like all these things people
always are like why do you show this to
people I'll tell you why
0.001% of you watching right now will
actually do this on your own if you
don't come hire us you basically won't
do it is the thought process this is not
like this is original to us and we pride
ourselves in our creativity right but
people have been creative in the sales
space for Generations it's started in a
creative space sales did ultimately
we've gotten so far away from it and all
of you are afraid to be creative inside
of your sales walk that I'm not worried
about who sees it because ultimately
what I am worried about is giving people
a better experience what I am worried
about is making the business world a
better place and no one cares it seems
so that's our mission right that's what
we're here to do so I would challenge
you if you're watching this like call my
bluff DIY this stuff right we don't care
we don't care if you take our we could
we could literally care I mean I might
sue you if you win Disney or something
like I might come after you but for the
most part like we don't care what we
want is to see a better environment we
want people to change the game create a
sense of wonder to put people over
products community over commissions we
are building something much bigger than
just the secrets inside of the sales
Rebellion we desire a movement of
Sellers and marketers that will
literally alter the face of the future
of sales nice and we W to I want to give
the audience something practical you've
shared a bunch of examples that you use
in your your physical mail that you send
out to prospects is there a framework
for that I.E I don't know in your case
you're you're dealing with prospects
that might need a new copier but let's
say for example someone was dealing I
don't know they're selling CRM software
solutions to marketing directors as a
example off the top of my head is there
like a framework that you'd say ah in
that case as long as you know their pain
point then you can send something that's
relevant to that or is there like a
process that you'd recommend folks
follow good question we so uh industries
that we serve are financial advisors all
the way down to uh people that sell
clothing all the way to Tech sales SAS
uh manufacturing you know uh automation
you know tools like we're in every
industry and I'll tell you right now
that everybody sends a crumpled letter
everybody uses the formula that we just
talked about and sends a crumpled letter
in the and makes a phone call behind it
and says hey this is Dale did you get my
crumpled up piece of paper that I sent
in the mail and it changes the outcomes
for everybody that sure it's not a
silver bullet you're still going to call
19 people and and they're not going to
pick up there some of them are going to
say hey I didn't even get your letter
but the 20th will and it will change
your outcome so drastically your sales
times you know in regards to your total
sales cycle process will go down
drastically you'll find Opportunities
faster you will break the walls down of
people thinking to themselves I'm not in
the market for this they won't even
think like that anymore because they'll
desire to build something with you even
if it's like well I can't do it right
now but like our software renewal is in
two years you want to keep in touch with
me you know those are the types of
things that we're seeking to essentially
create and and that's the Baseline
thought right is that that if anybody
and everybody in any situation can
really put to practice is well how do I
build something in the long term and
ultimately how do I create a different
Interruption to what's going on that
they stop and they pay attention to
what's
happening yeah we didn't cover we
covered the initial Outreach is there
much you mentioned it then you mentioned
following up with a phone call and then
you might determine that they're happy
to meet with you or they might say
appreciate you sending that through that
was cool catch up with me in six months
a year whatever is relevant is that
usually the flow D like you send the the
lumpy physical mail that you've
researched and you'll give them a
follow-up call is that usually something
sent off or what you typ recommend yeah
we believe heavily in email and phone
and text and video and social and dming
people we just believe in in setting the
Precedence first like creating a first
touch having people know who you are so
when they see the DM they're like oh
this is that dude that sent me that
thing oh this is that lady that sent me
that stuff like that's what creates
better more sophisticated outcomes for
you as well too think about this
everybody think about this right now
like even the people that you have in
your system that have met with you from
just a a raw cold call and look cold
calling works and so does cold emailing
it all works y'all it all works this is
about efficiency and ultimately this is
about doing it different because you
desire better outcomes for yourself it
doesn't mean that we don't use the
standard mediums like we love the phone
it dials a number and on the other side
we say hey did you get the book I sent
you you know it's much different than
the way that most people do the cold
calls but let's say that you got
somebody right now they've been in your
system they've been in your process
you've done a discovery you've presented
your product they're evaluating it and
all of a sudden they're just just not
talking to anymore right this is a very
normal thing in sales the physical
mailing of things or dropping these
things off in person as well too you can
do either one it's so highly effective
that I got a message right here from
this morning from a rep just to like
give a little like you know like I'm
reading I swear to God I'm reading a
message from somebody she says this I
wanted to let you know I tried the empty
dut box this is a thing that we do at
the Rebellion when people won't get back
to us we send him an empty donut box and
say hey sorry I ate all the donuts cuz
it's been like two weeks I've been
trying to get a hold of you and they
were going stale and and then we put a
little gift card for 10 bucks and say
just in case you want to buy your own
right she says she says I did it last
week I got a signed order immediately I
was waiting for six months for the
signature for this person to to to to
sign and I thought for sure they were
going to tell me to kick rocks because
they told me my competitor came in at
$200 left L per month right but she said
so in the midst of her process and her
problem and being ghosted she sends this
one thing that gives this person an
experience and he signs up with her so
ultimately like there's some layers in
there right like even though she was the
most expensive she built the right value
this is sellers say this all the time to
us they're like what do I do to get
people to just like pay attention to me
and and ultimately like what I'm trying
to sell them being better than like
racing to the bottom like it's all right
here and the experience es that we give
people so like a thought that I had here
that I just want to throw out and maybe
it's not exactly what you were asking
ultimately but what I kind of felt like
you were probably leading into was like
how what's like a more basic way to kind
of be a rebel in general for you know
the the standard person out there that
wants to scale it or wants to put it
into their process but they got you know
some timid sales reps or whatever else
like no you can't do that like you can't
like you either go all in with this proc
process and you decide to be different
or you don't it's really that simple so
companies that bring us on they don't
continue to make random cold calls and
dial a thousand people a day they don't
do that anymore we get very highly
respectfully targeted on the people that
we seek to serve we break it down to
what kind of experiences are we giving
each one how do we Nuance that process
how do we do it in a timely manner to
stay pleasantly persistent if you will
then how do we convert it yeah so there
really is no like basic or standard way
ultimately it always comes down to what
are you willing to risk how what part of
our system you know like for your own
from your own perspective and what might
work best for you is a good place to
start is it letters is it sending people
trophies in the mail of the football
team that they love that just want a
national championship you know like what
is it where's the place that we start
and then we execute on that at a 100%
and provide people with better outcomes
we got reps that are a th%
of quota for the quarter and it's
February right like these are things
that are happening in our system and
it's not a fluke this is the way that it
would that that reps the most elite reps
evolve into becoming the best Dell it's
time to play Devil's Advocate do it so
we we've we've gone through the the
benefits of your process your unusual
approach to physical mail and booking
meetings but we will have skep septics
turning in IC rather and they'll think
damn this stuff sounds cool this is
unusual I think I probably could book
some meetings with it but it sounds very
labor intensive very time intensive I
got to do all this research I've got to
buy all this stuff I've got to make this
crumpled letters I got to buy these
trophies these wets these books these
vouchers You Name It Whatever out which
we decide I could just make some cold
calls send some cold emails run some ads
do another campaign like I could just do
that and probably book some meetings
anyway yeah for sure you should you
should call if you're in the UK you
should call my boy Benjamin too he does
a fantastic job of teaching people how
to bang the phone as they say this is
what I would tell you is that if you
feel that way then don't come into the
rebellion and don't differentiate
yourself it's kind of that simple the
the the side to that that like the
pragmatic side the the part of me that
just simply like rebuttal to that is to
say like it doesn't matter if you don't
want to do it or you don't have time
that's why we exist we do it for you we
have a full fulfillment uh product that
we offer so if people don't have the the
ability to be able to be this creative
we do it for you included in a giant box
that shows up with all your stuff and
all you got to do is pick your prospects
hell we send it right to your prospects
if you wanted us to so there is no
excuse ultimately it's really just that
you don't want to spend the money or
take the risk if you know is what I hear
from that but at the same time I would
say this isn't for everybody so just
like it's okay if this doesn't resonate
with you or you think man it's a little
too risky or Ah that's not scalable like
you're not our people in that case and
we're not for you in that case either
like it just is not a good fit from that
perspective but I but what I will say is
if you're sick and tired of the same
minutia the same outcome the same quote
unquote predictable Revenue model that
continually fails you causes you to fire
people or not have the the outcomes and
the growth that you ultimately desire
this is what you have to do in order to
get to that next level in the first
place which means that you have to risk
become uncomfortable and do things that
you probably won't like in the first
place but it's not about you if it was
about you you would have already had a
bunch of sales your cold calling efforts
would have worked fantastically you
wouldn't even be listening to this
podcast to try and level up in the first
place right you'd have all the answers
so it is about to me it like the other
side of it is just that sometimes we're
not the right fit for people that are
listening thinking that way in the first
place we need full commitment and buying
to be a
rebel same with a lot of things though
right not everything is for everyone but
what I appreciate from our episode today
is that a lot of what you've shared are
fundamentals in both selling and
marketing in the B2B space so I actually
understand a lot lot of it really is
foundational like knowing who your
target client is knowing what pisses
them off what their day-to-day
frustrations are what those bleeding
neck problems are and why why they're
going to cause them issues in their
business their revenue and the workflows
whatever laying those down out clearly
and sustin in a way that captures their
attention be it direct male in your case
but in someone else's it could be a
different form of Outreach leveraging
humor leveraging something different
making them kind of sit upright and and
pay attention to the offer perhaps
poking fun at what other folks do in
your industry that you think almost
picking an enemy that I like to talk
about in marketing that I I share quite
a lot when it comes to to website
homepages like basically sharing what
you hate about your industry and how you
you don't do that [__] um and then yeah
follow through really like you say
sticking to the process and and seeing
it out like like anything if you just do
it one one and done it's never going to
work you gotta got to follow it through
so Dell with that appreciate you sharing
your wisdom sir please do tell us more
about how everyone tuning in can learn
from yourself connect with you and get
in
touch hey I appreciate you man thank you
for having me on the show I'm really
excited about you launching this podcast
getting deeper into the business space
and continuing to have an influence on
people it's very important you are an
extremely extremely viable part of
people's marketing growth and ultimately
what they seek in their businesses for
themselves to become better so I
appreciate the opportunity to be here
and I'm grateful for what you do bro if
you want to find me just Google me Dale
depri in the Googs it works great if you
want to follow me go to linkedin.com
copier Warrior or Dale the rebel on most
social platforms from Instagram to Tik
Tok to Twitter Dale the rebel you'll
find me or just type in Dale to pre
pretty much all those platforms as well
too we got a free slack channel for
Rebel sellers Rebel marketers head to
our website there's a a type form to
fill out in a way that you can access us
there or just like send us a message let
us know we'd love to see you in our
community come learn come have fun come
be a
Ribble awesome man going to cheuck all
of those links in the show notes and
descriptions below once again thanks
very much for coming on D really enjoyed
the chat much love dude appreciate you
cheers man and as always if you want to
catch up on past episodes or join
thousands of Legends enjoying the daily
newsletter head over to Breaking bb.com
we got to give a quick shout out to our
show sponsors Revenue hero and factors
Ai and a big shout out for you for
tuning in we'll catch you on the next
one for more nobs tips to grow your
business through B2B marketing cheers
for tuning
[Music]
in